DOCS-4099: Document cloud build support for private GitHub repos (#4403)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/dev/tools/cli.md

> | `--token` | GitHub token with repository code read access, and GitHub action read and write access. Required for private repos, not necessary for public repos. | `build start` | Optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--token` | GitHub token with repository **Contents** read access, and **Actions** read and write access. Required for private repos, not necessary for public repos. | `build start` | Optional |
```
